Implement case log type (#40378)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_7_22.md

#### Integrations

##### ServiceNow Event Collector

> - Added support for fetch of case logs from service now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for fetch of case events, to configure, add the case selection to the **Event Types To Fetch** parameter.
```

> - Added support for **Maximum case events to fetch** parameter that maximum number of case events per fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **Maximum case events to fetch** integration parameter, use this parameter to determine the maximum number of case events to fetch per fetch interval.
```
